Add Organisation and Project invitations (#560)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/project_invitation.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: project_invitation"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-project-invitation"
description: |-

>     Provides an Atlas Project Invitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Provides an Atlas project invitation.
```

Author: Done

---

# mongodbatlas_project_invitation

> `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` describes a Project Invitation. This represents an invitation for an Atlas User within an Atlas Project.

Reviewer: same comment as above
```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_project_invitation` describes an invitation to a user to join an Atlas project.
```

Author: Done

> Each Invitation for an Atlas User has a set of roles that provide access to a Project in an Organization.

Reviewer: this seems out of place here. The roles are described below.
```suggestion
```

Author: Done

> -> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

Reviewer: The placement of this note is odd. It should probably be placed lower were the arguments are described. We also use `GROUP-ID` in the official docs, though that might change to `groupId` at some point.

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find GROUP-ID in the official documentation.
```

Author: Done

## Example Usages

```hcl
resource "mongodbatlas_project_invitation" "test" {
  username    = "test-acc-username"
  project_id  = "<PROJECT-ID>"
  roles       = [ "GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE" ]
}

data "mongodbatlas_project_invitation" "test" {
  project_id = mongodbatlas_project_invitation.test.project_id
  username   = mongodbatlas_project_invitation.test.username
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `project_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the Project to create the invitiation.

> * `username` - (Required) The Atlas user's email address.

Reviewer: - see comment on organization invitation data source.
- typo: invitiation
```suggestion
* `project_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the project to which you invited the user.
* `username` - (Required) Email address of the invited user. This is the address to which Atlas sends the invite. If the user accepts the invitation, they log in to Atlas with this username.
```

Author: Done

## Attributes Reference

> In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the arguments, this data source exports the following attributes:
```

Author: Done

* `id` - Autogenerated Unique ID for this data source.
* `created_at` - The date and time the Invitation was created
* `expires_at` - The date and time that the Invitation will expire
* `invitation_id` - The identify of the Invitation in Atlas
* `inviter_username` - The username of the person creating the Invitation

> * `roles` - List of User’s roles within the Atlas Project. The available options are:

Reviewer: see comment on see comment on organization invitation data source.
```suggestion
* `id` - Autogenerated unique string that identifies this data source.
* `created_at` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when Atlas sent the invitation.
* `expires_at` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when the invitation expires. Users have 30 days to accept an invitation.
* `invitation_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the invitation in Atlas.
* `inviter_username` - Atlas user who invited `username` to the project.
* `roles` - Atlas roles to assign to the invited user. If the user accepts the invitation, Atlas assigns these roles to them. The following options are available:
```

Author: Done

  * GROUP_OWNER
  * GROUP_CLUSTER_MANAGER
  * GROUP_READ_ONLY
  * GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_ADMIN
  * GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE
  * GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY

> See [MongoDB Atlas API](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/user-roles/#project-roles) Documentation for more information.

Reviewer: same comments as on org invite data source + more relevant link
```suggestion
See the [MongoDB Atlas Administration API](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/project-get-one-invitation/) documentation for more information.
```

Author: Done
